   Home 
   About Us 
     Community 
     Indigenous Engagement 
     Safety 
     Environmental 
     QA/QC 
     Affiliations 
     History 
   Services 
   Industries 
   Projects 
   Contact 
     Join Us 

  STRENGTH FROM PEOPLE

  WE get the job done  

Barclay's reputation is founded upon dependable performance for repeat
customers.  

Our pledge is for the delivery of cost effective solutions regardless of
project size. To maintain the same excellent value for each job. An industrial
project's success depends upon the strength and means of the client's prime
constructor. We have the company strength and ability to manage any of your
needs and the depth of resources to be where you want us when you want us.

Read More

James W. Barclay assumed an active role in the community and that philosophy
of giving back continues today.

Read More

Barclay Construction was founded in 1953 by James S. Barclay Sr., a carpenter
by trade and son of Scottish immigrants.

Barclay is a well-established mid-sized industrial and infrastructure Civil
and PEMB Construction Firm engaged throughout Ontario, Manitoba, Saskatchewan
and Alberta.

Read More

  past Projects

  community

Experience

We do it once, and we do it right.

Years of dedicated service and extensive accomplishments for the Steel,
Natural Gas Pipeline, Utility, Manufacturing and Wholesale Industries have
developed our firm into one of the more versatile and dependable Constructors
in Canada.  

  

For all of your Industrial Building Needs, you can turn to Barclay. For over
65 years across Canada and into the United States, the Barclay Construction
Group has been providing quality General Building Service for Heavy Industry.  

  Finish on time, safely and on budget

  launch with the right plan in place

   Power Generation (Hydro, Nuclear, Fossil and Natural Gas)   

   Oil and Gas Infrastructure 
   Mining Infrastructure 
   Steel Production Infrastructure 
   Steel Processing and Distribution 
   Agriculture Infrastructure and Distribution 

Ordinary people building extraordinary things

  MARKET sectors we serve  

Read More

  history

   Municipal Water Infrastructure (Major WWTP Upgrade Work) 
   Wind Solar Biomass Renewable Energies 
   Storage and Distribution Terminals 
   Commercial ICI/ Manufacturing / Light Industry 

  meet project milestones

  We do it once, and we do it right

  Barclay Construction Group Inc.

55 Morley Street Hamilton ON L8H 3R8  
Phone: +1.905.547.5200 / FAX: +1.905.547.5211  
E-mail: info@barclayconstruction.com  

View on Mobile

