Call Us: 705-524-1622

    Login / Register 

   Home 
   Design & Build 
   Construction Management 
   General Contracting 
   Projects 
   Careers 
   Contact 
   Login / Register 
   Plan Room 

     HSN Research Institute 

Date Completed: 2017

     Northern Water Sports Centre 

Date Completed: 2016

     Holy Cross Elementary 

Date Completed: 2012

     HSN Research Institute 

Date Completed: 2017

     Northern Water Sports Centre 

Date Completed: 2016

     Holy Cross Elementary 

Date Completed: 2012

  Building a Quality North

We have been helping to build northeastern Ontario through the construction of
key municipal and institutional buildings. With a full time staff of 22
including support and management personnel, Build North employs our own
tradesmen as much as possible. This Control Management strategy allows for
improved continuity, better control of construction schedules, quality of
workmanship and project safety.

  Built On  Efficiency

> Build North Construction has consistently demonstrated an ability to deliver
projects on time and on budget. The Build North team has a professional and
courteous staff that efficiently manages and administrates all construction
phases of the project.

Chris Perry  
Perry & Perry Architects

  Projects

All Projects

  Built On  Integrity

> I have found Build North to be efficient and well organized in their
approach. I can recommend Build North Construction as a competent manager of
construction projects.

Akos Frick B.Arch.  
FRAIC

  Est: 1985

In addition to extensive in-house skills and expertise, Build North is also an
impartial broker of professional and specialized services. We have access to
specific skills and services in areas that include sustainable design and
construction, energy assessments, cost control and analysis, tendering and
procurement, inspections and workplace safety.

Build North has established effective partnerships with architects, engineers,
contractors, sub-trades and, of course, our clients. The depth and success of
these working relationships could only be made possible with a company that
began and evolved right here in northeastern Ontario.

  Built On  Relationships

> The management and staff of Build North Construction were easy to
communicate with and were committed to working closely with the architect,
engineers and our Board to create a positive and caring management team and
ensuring a successful outcome.

Louise DAmour  
Director of Education Conseil scolaire public du Grand Nord de LOntario

  Commited to Safety

Providing a zero harm workplace is a responsibility that we take very
seriously. Build Norths Health and Safety Program establishes specific
policies, procedures and safe operating practices to ensure that our workers
are protected each and every day. Plus we provide ongoing safety training to
cover areas such as fall protection, WSIB certification, first aid and CPR.

For each Build North project, a Work Safe Program is designed to ensure that
the work site is organized, coordinated and safe at all times. These programs
include orientation training and safety reviews for all onsite employees,
contractors and sub-contractors as well as regular site audits to verify
safety compliance.

At Build North Construction, a safe work environment is our top priority.

  Built On  Timeliness

> Build North has demonstrated a good ability to manage all phases of the
construction process while maintaining project schedules. Its coordination of
sub-trades, as well as communication with the owner and project architect was
handled in a very professional manner. I find that Build North is highly
driven by a concern for client satisfaction.

Normand Lajeunesse  
Director Department of Physical Plant & Planning Laurentian University

  Work  With Us

Ready to talk? We are. Get in touch today and explore the possibility of
working with our strong and dedicated team.

Contact Us

Established in May 1985, Build North Construction Inc. is a general contractor
and construction management company serving the Sudbury, North Bay, Parry
Sound, Manitoulin Island and Elliot Lake areas.

  Build North Construction Inc

943 Notre Dame Ave,  
Greater Sudbury, ON P3A 2T7  
p: (705) 524-1622  
f: (705) 524-3636  
info@buildnorth.ca  

Hit enter to search or ESC to close

  Search things like...

Projects, services, jobs, etc

  May We Suggest?





  Login

Username

Password

Remember Me



  Register

First Name

Last Name

Username

Email

Password

Confirm Password

Sign up to our newsletter  
  

Enter Code  
  
  
HP  



  Forgotten Password?

Username or Email

Register  |  Lost your password?

|  Back to Login
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]  WordPress Download Manager - Best
Download Management Plugin

Close

