   About 

     CCM 
     OUR MISSION 
     OUR SERVICES 

   Our Team 
   Projects 
   social 
   Careers 
   External Links 
   Contact Us 

   About 

     CCM 
     OUR MISSION 
     OUR SERVICES 

   Our Team 
   Projects 
   social 
   Careers 
   External Links 
   Contact Us 

  We are your trusted Construction Management team

Clark Construction Management was established in 2017 under the headship of
Mike Clark and has quickly grown to a company of more than 45 salaried
employees. Although a new company by name, the founder of CCM comes with more
than 3 decades of experience in southwestern Ontario and has built an
extremely credible team alongside him that is organized to exceed your
expectations, overcome complex challenges, and deliver successful outcomes
that will realize your vision and enhance your business objectives.

The strong relationship our Team has built with the residential subtrade
community over the years has resulted in a vast breadth of high-quality work.
Relationships are such a key when it comes to a successful project, and these
relationships ensure CCM can assemble the most capable team of subcontractors
in terms of added value, time, quality and safety. Built on lessons learned,
communication, and trust, these relationships are key elements in delivering
projects to clients that exceed expectations.

Our team of professionals is here to assist with your construction needs. We
strive to develop lasting relationships with our clients and suppliers by
providing immense value, innovation, developing our people, and providing an
excellent place to work. We love what we do, and we're looking forward to
working with you.

  We provide valued solutions

Clark Construction Management Inc. strives to be a leader in providing value-
added construction services to our customers by creating a successful
partnership with them throughout the construction process. Our pledge is to
establish lasting relationships with our customers by exceeding their
expectations and gaining their trust through exceptional performance by every
member of the construction team.

We specialize in  pre-construction and construction management services  ,
delivered with professionalism and a 'grass roots' work ethic you expect from
a construction management partner.

Learn more about our services >

  We're thinkers first

You can trust the team here at Clark Construction Management. With over 30
years of experience in the construction industry, we're thinkers first. We
provide you with the expertise needed to complete projects safely, on-time,
and on-budget.

Meet our team here>

