Skip Over Navigation

    
   Home 
   About Us 
     Mission & Values 
     Health & Safety 
     Our People 
     Testimonials 
     Awards 
     CSL News 
   Construction Services 
     Construction Management 
     General Contracting 
     Design-Build 
     General Trades 
   Projects 
     Current Projects 
     Industrial 
     Institutional 
     Heritage/Adaptive Re-use 
     Food and Beverage Processing 
     Multi-storey Residential 
     Commercial 
   Plans Room 
   Careers 
   Contact 

|  
---|---  
  

  1.   2.   3.   4. 

CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT

GENERAL CONTRACTING

DESIGN/BUILD

GENERAL TRADES

  Excellence is easy to promise, but hard to deliver -  Learn More >

  CONSTRUCTION

It's our passion. At our core is our ability to quickly understand the needs
of our clients and the scope of the project. Our collective knowledge spans
decades. It reflects our commitment to be pioneers and leaders in the
construction industry. When we started CSL in 2003, we committed to building a
team of seasoned professionals and young dedicated graduates from highly
regarded construction programs.

  EXECUTION

We never stop listening. We continually consult with you, the property owner,
developer, architect, contractor or project management staff. Our first order
of business is to understand your needs, your goals, your priorities. Our
strength is taking complex projects and breaking them down into manageable
components, identifying potential problems, and then designing and delivering
appropriate solutions.

  WE'RE BUILDING THE FUTURE

We hire the best people. We want employees who are committed to the building
trades for the obvious reason: quality work done by people whose
professionalism and passion is vested in excellence. Internally, we train,
promote and reward our most qualified employees. We want the best to stay.

  OUR CULTURE IS ABOUT ACHIEVING EXCELLENCE

   Excellence is what we are committed to delivering on every project 
   Excellence in design, innovation and execution 
   Excellence through collaboration and open communication 
   Excellence through our team of experts and skilled tradespeople 

  © 2019 Collaborative Structures Limited. All rights reserved.

