   About 
   Services 
     Construction Equipment Rental 
     Municipal Infrastructure 
     Demolition and Environmental Remediation 
     Site Preparation 
     Concrete Construction 
     Industrial Maintenance 
     General Contracting and Project Management 
   Safety 
   Careers 
   Contact 

  Choose

The partner of choice for  
petrochemical and civil construction projects  
 since 1948.

  A  Partner  You Can Trust

Over the last 70 years, weve seen that even the toughest projects can be
completed when we combine  your experience with our expertise.

  

So thats what we do.

We consult with you to find out exactly what you need. We find a solution that
suits you (and overcomes any problems youre anticipating).

  

And then we get it done safely, on-time and on-budget.

No Injuries.

No preventable delays.

No unexpected extra costs.

  Services you can rely on

  General Contracting and Project Management

Weve been doing civil construction projects  large and small  for the past
seven decades. Why not make yours next?

  Industrial Maintenance

Weve provided industrial maintenance for multi-national petrochemical and
energy corporations for as long as we can remember, so you know you can trust
us.

  Concrete Construction

From foundations and structures to chambers and treatment facilities, if it
involves concrete, our team will build it.

  Site Preparation

From underground services to sheet piling, we provide greenfield and
brownfield preparation for industrial and municipal clients across Canada and
the US.

  Demolition and Environmental Remediation

Weve got the equipment and the know-how to safely demolish, remediate and
recycle the waste from industrial and commercial structures (in compliance
with environmental regulations).

  Municipal Infrastructure

Weve done everything from sewers and treatment facilities to road work and
drainage, if you need municipal infrastructure repairs or new development, we
can help.

  Construction Equipment Rental

We own and operate one of the largest fleets of equipment in Southwest
Ontario.

  Our Clients

                                    

  The Numbers Speak for Themselves

When you choose Curran, you arent just choosing a team that can get the job
done, youre choosing the experience and expertise that only comes from 70
years spent in the industry.

And a lot has happened over those seven decades, thats for sure.

70

years of civil engineering experience

40

years partnering with Imperial Oil

300K

m³ of concrete poured

2.7M

Man hours without an LTI

60

years of resident civil engineers

!?

Employed countless local trades people

  Contact Us

Here at Curran, were always on hand to help, any way we can. So, if you need
a team with the expertise and experience to execute your next project, choose
Curran.

Were just at the other end of the phone.

Give us a call

   Subcontractors 
   Terms & Conditions 
   Privacy Policy 
   Accessibility Guidelines 

© 2019

