

JAVASCRIPT IS DISABLED. Please enable JavaScript on your browser to best view
this site.

592 Justus Drive, Kingston, ON |  613.389.4250  |  send us an e-mail

  Emmons and Mitchell Construction Limited

  Honesty and Integrity

   Welcome 
   About Us 
   Our Team 
   Our Projects 
   Tenders 
   Careers 
   Contact Us 

Honesty and Integrity

since 1957

Read More About Us

See More Projects

Hotel Dieu Hospital | Various Projects 2015-2017

Our Projects

See More Projects

Joseph Stauffer Library Skylights | 2017 Project

Our Projects

See More Projects

Empire Life | Recent Project

Our Projects

  Honesty & Integrity  Since 1957

Since the Company was founded in 1957, Emmons and Mitchell Construction
Limited (E&M), have been operating with the guiding principles of Honesty and
Integrity.

With over half a century of experience in the greater Kingston area, we at E&M
are proud to say we are the oldest locally owned construction company in
Kingston. We continue to be successful because we have earned the trust and
respect in the area for delivering superior quality work, on time, and on
budget.

Once chosen, you can be confident that we will deliver on your expectations
with honesty and integrity. We see being awarded your job is only the
beginning. We are dedicated to meeting and exceeding your expectations
throughout your build. We focus on three areas:

  General Contracting

  Construction Management

  Design Build Services

  General Contracting

As a general contractor, we have extensive experience in successfully
completing a wide variety of projects in the greater Kingston area. Our
detailed knowledge of, and experience working with local subcontractors and
trades people gets us both the best price and great service. This allows us to
complete your project on time and on budget.

see more services

  Honesty and Integrity  Its how we work!

  Call us now  613.389.4250

Send us an e-mail

  Construction Management

We are pleased to provide construction management services as a joint venture
with the owner, architect, engineer, and project manager. We will be
accountable for: Project Management and Planning, Cost Management, Time
Management, Quality Management, Contract Administration, Safety Management,
and ensuring the plan adheres to the professional practice of our industry.

see more services

  We are dedicated to meeting and exceeding your expectations throughout
your build.

  Call us now  613.389.4250

Send us an e-mail

  Design Build Services

Should you undertake our services for a design build, we will translate your
vision and design into reality. To do this requires highly specialized
expertise in planning, cost estimating, design, and construction. We believe
the successful execution of a design build project depends on relentless
attention to detail. We have a detailed knowledge of Kingston and areas
regulatory requirements, and can identify areas in your design that might
cause delays in receiving local approval and construction permits.

Read about us & our projects

  contact us now

   592 Justus Drive | Kingston, ON 
   613.389.4250 

Send us an e-mail

  about us

Emmons & Mitchell Construction Limited (E&M)  is a private company providing
Commercial and Institutional Building Construction. We specialize in General
Contracting, Construction Management and Design Build Services.

Read More

  Our projects

We have had the opportunity to work for many great clients. Here are a few of
our many projects.

See More

  our Team

At Emmons & Mitchell, we pride ourselves on the quality of our team. We
believe that our expert team will best deliver the results you need and
deserve.

Read More

  our clients

  Clients about us:

Our firm has been working with Emmons and Mitchell for over twenty-five years
both as General Contractors and as Construction Managers  
Based on our offices experience with Emmons and Mitchells principals, site
superintendents  
and office personnel, I would highly recommend this firm to carry out the
construction project  
that you are contemplating

  Ernest A. (Al) Cromarty, OAA, FRAIC, ICOMOS

Ernest A. Cromarty Architect Inc.

Emmons and Mitchell Limited has a lengthy track record of successfully
carrying out numerous projects at the University on time and on budget both as
Construction Managers and  
General Contracting services  
Emmons and Mitchell continue to exhibit professionalism in managing all of
their projects and demonstrate sensitivity to limiting interference with
academic activities.

  Jamie Thompson, Project Manager

Queens University

Emmons and Mitchell Construction Ltd. have worked with our firm on numerous
projects  
over the years  
Throughout the construction process, Emmons and Mitchell responded in a timely
manner to  
any changes/issues and worked diligently towards the completion of a quality
end product.  
We found Bob Vinkle, Murray Mitchell, Mark Emmons, their on-site construction
staff and  
sub-contractors to be very capable throughout the building process.  
We highly recommend Emmons and Mitchell Construction Ltd. for any similar-type  
construction projects.

  J. David Ariss, OAA, MRAIC

NORR Limited

Emmons and Mitchell Construction has been our contractor of choice since 2003  
The company and the team as a whole are extremely competent, dedicated, and
reactive to our needs which at times has required immediate interventions.
They understand our requirements and are sensitive to our needs and those of
the people we serve.  
We have never been disappointed

  Joanne Purdy, Manager

Community Living Kingston

I am writing to describe my experience with Emmons and Mitchell. In short, I
could not be more pleased with the service and work they provided.  
Our office used Emmons and Mitchell to construct our new orthodontic
office/clinic in 2013. From the outset I was impressed by their
professionalism, and they continued to impress in all  
aspects of the process  
Overall, they made the building process as smooth as possible for us and also
gave us an  
excellent result

  John A. Todd, Orthodontist

Kingston Orthodontics

Our firm has had the privilege of working with Emmons and Mitchell
Construction on numerous projects Emmons and Mitchell have approached each
project with professionalism and a commitment to quality  
Several projects have been completed under very tight time restrictions, and
they have performed very well in their adherence to project schedules. We have
found Emmons and Mitchell to be conscientious in their approach to site
safety, and reasonable  
in their requests for change orders. We are pleased to recommend Emmons and
Mitchell Construction Ltd. for both new construction and  
complex renovations.

  Heather Clark Kembel, OAA, MRAIC, LEED® AP

Colbourne & Kembel Architects Inc.

We advise that the Company [Emmons & Mitchell Construction] has been dealing
with us since 1957. They currently have at their availability a healthy
operating line which is used sparingly and operates entirely satisfactorily.
Deposit balances are maintained on average in the high six digit/low seven
digit range. All dealings have been entirely satisfactory and all obligations
coming to our attention are handled in an exemplary manner. The principals are
highly regarded

  Michael Wilson, Commercial Account Manager

Bank Of Montreal

592 Justus Drive, Kingston, ON

Call us now  
613.389.4250

Send us an e-mail

©2019 -  Emmons and Mitchell Construction Limited

All Rights Reserved. Website by  Willow Publishing  .

  Call Us Now!

