Projects  Services  Careers  Blog

   Home 
   Projects 
   Services 
   Careers 
   Blog 
   Company 
   Delivery Models 
   News 
   Contact 

© EllisDon Corporation 2016

  Construction, redefined.  We design, finance, construct, equip, operate,
and manage anything that can be built.

Art Gallery of Ontario

  More Than A Construction Company

EllisDon is a world-leading construction and building services company that
completes in excess of $4 billion worth of contracts annually, in every market
sector and across the globe. Over the last 65 years, weve grown from being a
general contractor to a multi-faceted company that can deliver any aspect of a
project.

Edmonton International Airport

Halifax Central Library

  A Revolution In Thinking

We recognize that the construction industry is changing at a rapid pace and we
continually strive to be at the forefront. Its been our way of thinking since
our inception.

Today, projects are getting larger and more complex; facilities are becoming
greener and more technologically advanced. And because of this change, what
happens before and after construction, now affects project outcomes just as
much as what happens during construction. This is why we developed a full
suite of construction and building services, to help our clients meet the
growing demands of projects while minimizing their risk.

   Eighth Avenue Place 
   Oakville Trafalgar Hospital 

View All Services

  Cradle-to-Grave construction and building services

Our construction and total service offering lets us deliver projects in their
entirety. We can lead projects all the way from the initial concept phase to
long-term asset management, operations and maintenance.

By leveraging our core construction and building services capabilities
throughout the pre-construction, construction, and post-construction phases of
a project, we are able to provide solutions to clients that bring outstanding
value, minimize risk, and guarantee success. We call these services Cradle-
to-Grave.

  Pre-Construction

The most difficult task is getting a project off the ground. To help, we offer
everything from project financing, to development and design management, and
providing constructibility and facilities management input into design. Above
that, we also offer a service where we provide a guaranteed maximum price for
design and construction before designs are even one-third complete. Its all
about risk elimination and setting up the project for success.

  Construction

Construction is at our core. We're able to build anything from skyscrapers to
subways, and from schools to hospitals. We have delivered projects under every
type of contract model. Our construction experts utilize the latest technology
and software to build your projects. For us, nothing is out of scope, and
we're always up for a challenge.

  Post-Construction

When other financiers, builders, and designers walk away, were getting
started. We will tech-out your asset, furnish and equip it, we will manage,
operate, maintain, and renew it.

View all blog posts

  Geoff Smith's Blog

  Nice Or Hard Nosed? Make Your Choice

Ive been watching people and thinking about this choice for decades, and so
am writing this note maybe for younger people, the ones aspiring to achieve
some significant success in their careers, and who therefore recognize that
they must interact with other people in an effective and consistent way.
Alt...

Keep Reading

  Join our team

Were looking for leaders who are passionate and entrepreneurial because our
ultimate goal is to make EllisDon a place where exceptional people achieve
meaningful careers. If that sounds good, join us, and lets change everything.

Visit our career page

View all News Articles

  EllisDon News

  EllisDon Announces Appointment of Shaun Stiles to Vice-President and
Area Manager for Atlantic Canada and the Retirement of Brian Strecko

&nbsp;Mississauga, ON, August 19, 2019 Today, EllisDon announced the
retirement of Brian Strecko and the...

Keep Reading

Construction and Building Services

Home  Projects  Services  Careers  Blog  Company  News  Subcontractors

  Office Locations

Vancouver

Calgary

Edmonton

Saskatoon

Winnipeg

London

Toronto

Ottawa

Halifax

Middle East

Industrial

International

   Call 

905.896.8900

   Fax 

905.896.8911

   Email 

inquiries@ellisdon.com

© EllisDon Corporation 2016

