   MAIN 
   ABOUT US 
   COMPLETED PROJECTS 
   CONTACT US 

  Construction & General Contracting

With 30 years of experience managing and coordinating projects from inception
to completion,  Geertsma Construction (1988) Ltd.  is ready for all your
projects needs. We work closely with our clients and subcontractors to
complete your project on time and on budget. Our services are available at any
stage of the project and we are available to customize your experience with
the many services outlined below. Contact us today to see how we can help your
next project be a success.

  Available subcategories of services include:

  Project Management

Let us manage the construction on your

behalf. Our team can manage and coordinate your project from inception to
completion, building it on time and on budget. Our services are available at
any stage of the project and generally includes the selection and management
of consultants, including if applicable the architect.

  Construction Consulting

Consulting services are available to assist you with the oversight of complex
projects. Often, we act as project manager or Clerk of Works on your behalf.

  Construction Management

Our experienced team can work alongside already contracted consultants to
complete your project successfully. Throughout this process it is our goal to
help you produce a functional and financially viable project.

  Design Build

Are you looking for someone to oversee all aspects of design and construction?
Our team along with our strong professional relationships with local
consultants make Geertsma well equipped to provide the complete services you
need for the successful outcome of your next project. With design build we can
work from your concept or outline specification supplying you with both the
project design and the construction of your building. Let us simplify the
process for you; we have everything you need.

  Budgeting & Cost Control

We understand that the viability of your next project is a major concern. We
can provide early stage budgeting to determine or confirm viability based on
conceptual information. We can also offer ongoing budgeting as planning
continues and the project proceeds.

Services may be provided singly or in combination. For example a typical
format would involve working with client to develop concepts and provide
budgets. Once budget was determined the next step could include providing
project management and design build services on the same project.

  Get In Touch

SUBMIT

ADDRESS:

Geertsma Construction (1988) Ltd.

406 Maitland Drive, Unit 3

Maitland Plaza

Belleville, Ontario, Canada

K8N 4Z5

PHONE NUMBERS:

Belleville: (613) 966-8420

Kingston: (613) 544-6011

