               

   (877) 392.9766 
   info@grassmere.com 

   Home 
   About Us 
     Management Team 
     Grassmere Advantage 
     Testimonials 
     Safety 
     Affiliations 
   Construction Services 
     Design Build 
     Project Management 
     Pre-Engineered 
     Butler Manufacturing 
   Sectors Served 
     Industrial 
     Commercial 
     Institutional 
   Projects 
     Work In Progress 
   Contact Us 
     Careers 
   Plans Room 

0

     An empty cart 

You have no item in your shopping cart

         

  REQUEST A QUOTE ON YOUR PROJECT TODAY

Contact Grassmere

  Our Services

  Design Build

We assume sole responsibility for all facets of the project, while encouraging
owner's involvement to the extent they wish to participate.

  Project Management

Project Management allows many design, engineering and construction activities
to be initiated while detailed working drawings are still being completed.

  Pre Engineered

The Grassmere management team has over 75 years of pre-engineered metal
building experience on a variety of commercial and industrial projects.

  In all instances we found Grassmere performed admirably and consistently
and achieved our high expectations. I would not hesitate to endorse Grassmere
Construction for your building needs.

  Rob G. Brown, Director of Technical Services (ret.)  
Otter Valley Foods

   DESIGN BUILD 
   PROJECT MANAGEMENT 
   PRE-ENGINEERED 

  Latest News

Grassmere wins Butler Institutional Building of the Year Award

Butler Manufacturing recently honored top-performing Butler Builder® dealers
at its annual sales meeting in Atlanta. Grassmere Construction was the proud
recipient of the [...]

By :  Patti Marsh

|  Read more

Grassmere Supports Local Co-op Program

Grassmere Construction is a proud supporter of our local high school co-op
program. Recently, Logan, a senior at Thames Valley District School Board
completed a co-op term with our [...]

By :  Grassmere Construction

|  Read more

Butler Building Profit  Fall/Winter 2016

California charter school checks off wish list The Twin Rivers Charter School
campus in Yuba City, California, covers just about every item on a new school
wish list. Colorful and [...]

By :  Grassmere Construction

|  Read more

Butler Building Profit  Summer 2016

Butler serves an ace for husband-wife developer team Following an afternoon
tennis match, Marla Zupancic returned home with an idea. She shared her
thoughts with her husband, Jim [...]

By :  Grassmere Construction

|  Read more

Butler Building Profit  Spring 2016

CEO sees high-quality building as a key driver of productivity In
Lloydminster, Canada, a town that straddles the provincial border between
Alberta and Saskatchewan, the petroleum [...]

By :  Grassmere Construction

|  Read more

Grassmere Construction Ltd. Receives Regional Volume Builder of the Year
Honour from Butler Manufacturing

Grassmere Construction Ltd., a local Tillsonburg general contractor, has been
named the Volume Builder of the Year from Butler Manufacturing. Butler
provides design-build [...]

By :  Grassmere Construction

|  Read more

Butler Building Profit  Fall/Winter 2015

Mill roll company sees the light Company turns to Butler Builder ® for bright,
unified production and office space Sometimes one decision can change a life.
One moment in time can [...]

By :  Grassmere Construction

|  Read more

Butler Building Profit  Summer 2015

The new face of bowling is on display at Kingpin Bowlounge. Read More 30-year
Butler Builder®/customer relationship drives efficiencies for the latest
Louisiana Cat [...]

By :  Grassmere Construction

|  Read more

Grassmere Construction Top Metal Builders for 2013

Grassmere was Featured in Metal Construction News as one of the top metal
builders for 2013. Grassmere has place 4th by square footage and 6th by
tonnage among Canadian metal [...]

By :  Grassmere Construction

|  Read more

  REQUEST A QUOTE ON YOUR PROJECT TODAY

Contact Grassmere

  About Grassmere

Grassmere Construction is a design-build, construction-management firm based
in Tillsonburg, Ontario. The company constructs commercial, industrial,
institutional and residential buildings throughout Southern Ontario.

Mike Booth has been a part of the company since 1989 and today is sole owner
and President of Grassmere Construction Ltd.

Read More

  Contact Us

Address  
49 North St. E.  
Tillsonburg, ON  
N4G 1B4

Phone  
(877) 392.9766

Email  
info@grassmere.com

© Copyright 2016 Grassmere Construction Ltd.

Website Developed by  MoreSALES.ca  .

