

   Home 
   Planning 
   Estimates 
   Project Management 
   Control 
   Projects 
   Contact Us 

Specializing in Industrial, Commercial, Institutional & Multi-residential
building projects for the Kingston Region

  Welcome to Jensen Building

Jensen Building Ltd. remains the recognized name for high quality General
Contracting for all industrial, commercial, and institutional building
ventures in the South Eastern Ontario Region, since 1960.

Utilizing the latest in technology, advanced construction methods and
proactive management, we leverage our experience, together with strong
industry relationships on behalf of our clients and the resultant project
invariably exceeds expectations.

We clearly understand that any client who decides to launch a major building
venture is making a large financial investment and shouldering significant
risk. Our mission at Jensen Building Ltd. is to align our interests with those
of our clients with the result being the delivery of the exact building
requirements, within the specified timeframes. Being able to achieve these
markers, while still delivering quality construction and exceeding financial
objectives has set Jensen above the rest.

Jensen Building Ltd. approaches all projects with great enthusiasm regardless
of size or complexity. They revel in unique and first time or one-of-a-kind
projects where their experience and skills will be demonstrated. Jensen
Building Ltd. considers all ICI General Contracting opportunities from up to
$25 Million in size.

Please contact us to discover the Jensen Difference

See our roof top solar system  http://gemco.kiosk-view.com/cataraqui

  Recent News

Sep.01 2010

Commercial Project of the Year award

    

Jensen Building Ltd. has been presented with the prestigious Commercial
Project of the Year award for the Edward Project in Picton, Ontario.

  Project Access

  1. Username  (user.requiredmissing) 
  2. Password  (user.requiredmissing) 
  3. 

Remember Me

Forgot your password?

  Our Company

   Our People 
   Experience 
   Commitment 
   Recognition 
   News 

  Our Services

   Planning 
   Control 
   Project Management 
   Estimates 
   Our Projects 

  Our Projects

Robinson Court

Upcoming Projects

  Contact Us

Jensen Building Ltd.

  
640 Cataraqui Woods Dr.  
Kingston, Ontario, Canada  
K7P 2Y5  
  
Bus: (613) 549-2817  
Fax: (613) 549-2236  
info@jensenbuild.com

©2019 Jensen Building Ltd.

:: web development by 14 theories ::

