   Projects 
   Services 
   Company Team 
   Careers 
   Contact Us 
   Tenders & Bids 

   Projects 
   Services 
   Company Team 
   Careers 
   Contact Us 
   Tenders & Bids 

   

What Our Clients Say About Us

  What Our Clients Say About Us

  In closing I would like to state that Stafford Haensli Architects Inc.
was asked by numerous Ontario School Boards, to name a contractor of choice
for energy efficient buildings. We do not hesitate to say that JR Certus
Construction Co. Ltd. is the contractor of our choice for all projects where
we strive to achieve new levels of construction diligence, reliability and
energy efficiency.

  We were very pleased with the effort, organization, and constructive
working methodology demonstrated by JR Certus Construction Co. Ltd. in the
successful completion of all projects. Having worked on several projects over
the past decade with other general contractors, we very much appreciate our
constructive collaboration with JR Certus Construction Co. Ltd. on all our
projects together.

 Lubomir Dzamba, President, Standford Haensli Architects Inc.

  Throughout the project, several unexpected issues were encountered. JR
Certus worked cooperatively on problem solving, with strong communication and
resolution. Unexpected issues included soil conditions, existing sanitary
structures, buried un-located Oakville Hydro lines. Each issue was handled
with the Project Team with an open book approach, controlling costs and
schedule. To the benefit of the project, interference issues were flagged
early enough to limit impact on the schedule, and proposed solutions proved to
be amicable to all parties involved.

 Doug McIntosh, Director, NEO Architects Inc.

  Milton Hydro has no reservations recommending JR Certus Construction
Co. Ltd. for the construction of new facilities or the renovations of existing
buildings. JR Certus Construction always executed a collaborative team
approach to the project, always aware of the critical path of the construction
schedule. David continuingly prioritized tasks to ensure that schedule impacts
were mitigated. Although there was a great amount of work completed in just a
short time period, the organization and control of the sub trades was
effective and efficient.

 Frank Lasowski, President & CEO, Milton Hydro

  Despite a late issuance of the building permit, and several key changes
made during construction, JR Certus successfully maintained the overall
project schedule ad delivered the project on budget.

 Dennis Vass, General Manager, +VG Architects

  JR Certus fulfilled a role in Value Engineering on the project in
order to generate savings for the project where possible. As example of cost
savings is the redesign of elaborate oversized fire cistern design to store
water for firefighting requirements. JR Certus worked with the Sub-
Consultants, assisted the 407 ECGP in retaining a code consultant, coordinated
directly with the mechanical engineer of record and the code consultant to
generate a savings for the project. Other Value Engineering options executed
by JR Certus include alternate bollard detailing, alternate bike storage
shelter, identification and deletion of redundant air barriers in the exterior
wall assembly, revised grading and site servicing plan for the property line
and salt pond discharge saving 2.4% of original contract value.

 Eugene Creamers, Design Build Director, 407 East Construction General
Partnership

  JR Certus worked with the collaborative team approach as the design on
the project was standard commercial design detailing. There were design
changes that required quick implementation in order to avoid and mitigate
delays to the construction schedule. JR Certus was through and cooperative in
identifying and proposing alternate design or product substitution at the
early stages of the project. 

 Eugene Creamers, Design Build Director, 407 East Construction General
Partnership

  It was a pleasure working with JR Certus team to successfully deliver
this project, Enbridge Gas Distribution. From the outset the project was a
challenge to all parties involved because of the extremely tight delivery
requirements, re-planning on the go, and its complex technical requirements.
JR Certus team spearheaded the project and managed the trades effectively to
ensure that schedule was maintained and the facility was turned over on
time.The quality of works is in keeping with the demands of the client and has
provided a state of the art, LEED adherent, facility for Enbridge to base
their Regional Technical Training activities from. I look forward to future
opportunities to work with you and your team.

 David E. Muma, Partner, The Facility Management Group Inc.

  JR Certus had all hands-on deck to ensure the building was opened at
the end of summer 2015 and summer 2016. The project required multiple trade
crews in order to simultaneously work within the areas of the existing
facility. JR Certus helped to ensure that the building turnover at end of
summer 2015 was a success. The team worked relentlessly around the clock to
ensure the goal was met.

 Robin Ng, Principal, NGA Architects

  Port Colborne Operations Centre opened in the summer of 2017 and will
be the most cost-effective solution to serve the City and the community
better, with ongoing operation maintenance for the current and future needs of
the City.

 Ron Hanson, Director, City of Port Colborne

  The CHCA for George Brown College was a project of complex requirements
with an aggressive schedule. It was further complicated by the need to keep
the existing facility in operation during construction. Joseph exercised
utmost professionalism and trade management; and implemented a well-organized
documentation and management system to ensure the project was a success.

 Peter Ng, Associate, KMA Architects Inc.

  George Brown Colleges Casa Loma Campus Building C  B.A.E.C. Phase
II Addition; which was completed under the construction management contract
model. Joseph Aquino oversaw the entire project as a Project Director and
provided guidance to the team; particularly during the design development,
sequential tendering and procurement phases.

 Peter Ng, Associate, KMA Architects Inc.

  Josephs expertise in project cost control and constructability proved
valuable to the team in highlighting value engineering options to control the
overall project budget. The teams oversight and input during the planning of
sequential tendering provided the stepping stones for the construction to run
smoothly towards a successful completion on time and under budget.

 Peter Ng, Associate, KMA Architects Inc.

  The Town of Ajax was pleased with the quality of work completed on the
Ajax Operations Centre which has been well received by staff, and the
residents of Ajax.

 Catherine Bridgeman, Manager, Town of Ajax

  We were genuinely pleased with David Aquino and his work and would not
hesitate to recommend them for future endeavours. I understand that David
Aquino has recently started JR Certus Construction Co. Ltd., with his brothers
Joseph and Matthew Aquino. I would look forward to working with JR Certus
Construction Co. Ltd. in the future should the opportunity arise.

 Claudio Cellucci, Former Associate, IBI Group Architects Inc.

  Through the design and budget stages, there were several rounds of
scope changes introduced, however David was able to put forth documentation in
a timely fashion to support a continuously updated budget analysis.

 David Miller, Principal, MacLennan Jaunkalns Miller Architects.

  Our Featured Projects

  The Aquino family has completed hundreds of successful projects
cumulatively over the years

Ecole Secondaire Gaetan Gervais

Port Colborne Operations Center

Boyne River Public School

Woodlands Secondary School Addition + Renovations

Niagara College Canadian Food Wine Institute

407 ECGP Maintenance Facility

Dufferin County Townhouses Housing Project

Milton Hydro Headquarters

Enbridge Technology

Peterborough Operations Center

Fairview Avenue Public School

King City Public Library & Seniors Centre

The Kingston Road YMCA

Town of Ajax ARC Phase 2

View All Projects

  Our Services

As a Boutique General Contracting Firm with 100+ years of employee experience,
JR Certus has developed the skill, expertise, techniques, method and expertise
to meet the high demand in the wide range of services that embraces the
diverse Southern Ontario construction marketplace with different variety of
delivery models ranging from General Contracting, Construction Management,
Design-Build and Pre-Construction services.

Our team comprises of skilled professionals who have developed an in-depth
understanding of the nature of different projects complexities.

   General Contracting 
   Construction Management 
   Design-Build 
   Pre-Construction 

  General Contracting

A commonly adapted traditional approach to construction, General Contracting
is one of the most popular form of project delivery which we specialise. In
this method, site selection, architectural design, engineering services, and
project management are contracted out by the Owner to separate parties. The
General Contractor performs specified construction services at a fixed price,
as agreed well in advance with the Owner. Generally, the risks associated with
this model are shared within the owner and the contractor.

We have developed an extensive local knowledge that includes relationship with
key local subcontractors, labour forces and suppliers.

Our style of approach has attracted competitive pricing from quality
subcontractors and suppliers resulting in superior project deliverables within
budget.

  Construction Management

JR Certus has developed a strong communication and leadership strategies that
has set the standard for project risk mitigation. We provide full range of
services including pre-construction, procurement, construction to owner
occupancy.

Our team of professional work closely with the Owners core team to develop
tight and flexible schedules and budget to keep the design plans aligned with
the building codes.

We at JR Certus have pioneered the art of maintaining the key five elements
for the Construction Management projects namely Time, Quality, Risk, Cost and
Flexibility.

The professionals at JR Certus utilize customized software to meet the
clients requirements from the tendering process to project control.

  Design-Build

We at JR Certus assemble up with the best architects and consulting teams to
take over the Design-Build Projects during the design phase, as we believe
this will foster a more successful partnership.

If you are looking for an efficient, cost-controlled, and transparent
solutions than JR Certus is the best bet.

Our team addresses the project design and building construction requirements
within the budget and scheduled parameters, which ultimately results in less
project escalation.

Also, we address time constraints by implementing fast track approach,
starting construction before the total design is complete which addresses most
efficiently the cost, quality on a reduced schedule.

  Pre-Construction

At JR Certus the top management applies the knowledge of construction services
and current market needs to make suggestions, evaluate alternatives, and offer
advise to the project teams. This early collaboration will result in
efficiently and safely build the project without affecting its functional or
aesthetic design.

The benefits you get through our Pre-Construction advice, ai that you
significantly reduce the cost by innovative and efficient construction plans,
and enhanced schedule control.

Also, the seasoned project managers provide you with

Budget and Cost Development

Project Scheduling

Construction Planning

Value Engineering

Procurement

81 Zenway Blvd 3,  
Woodbridge, ON, L4H 0S5

Tel: (647) 494-0150

Projects

Services

Company Team

Careers

Contact Us

Tenders & Bids

Privacy Policy

  

© Copyright 2018. JR Certus Construction Co. Ltd.

