     Home 
     About Us 
     Quality 
     Neighbourhoods 
     Home Gallery 
     F.A.Q. 
     Testimonials 
     Contact Us 

   Residential 
   Industrial, Commercial   
And Institutional

  
  

QUALITY NEIGHBOURHOOD DEVELOPMENTS

|  
  

INDUSTRIAL COMMERCIAL AND INSTITUTIONAL  
  
---|---  
  
(705) 476-1544    1017 Jet Avenue West, North Bay, Ontario P1B 6G7  
info@kenalex.ca

     Questions 

Please feel free to contact us at any time with questions or visit our
frequently asked questions section for more information.

  F.A.Qs

  Testimonials

A couple of things were of critical importance to us in deciding to purchase
from Kenalex . Firstly, we felt it important to use an experienced &
knowledgeable builder who could provide a plan that worked for the way we
live. We also wanted to be confident that our builder would provide a superior
level of quality in workmanship and material.

Peter and Anne Bullock  
11 Briarwood Court

  \- The people at Kenalex are top-notch builders.

We feel that the new home that we purchased from Kenalex really provided the
best value for our dollar. When we compared the Kenalex product to re-sales
and other builders offerings, Kenalex clearly provided the best alternative.
The quality of construction was excellent. The price was right. After sales
service was responsive and thorough.

Bob and Patricia Fassl  
44 Kenwood Hills Drive

  \- We are very pleased with the entire experience and the final
product.

Thank you, for being so accommodating throughout the construction process.
Your staff and trades were great to deal with . We were always made to feel
welcome when we dropped by the construction site.

Paul and Annette Lalonde  
7 Briarwood Court

  \- We finally have the home that weve always wanted.

Weve been through the building process more than once and this time was the
best experience by far. Your people were great to work with!

Bill and Hildred Hughes  
103 Bain Drive

  \- We wish to express our gratitude to Kenalex for the good work done on
our new home.

     Contact Us Today 

For more information on how we build value for you, contact us today.

1017 Jet Avenue West  
North Bay, ON P1B6G7  
Telephone: (705) 476-1544  
Fax: (705) 476-8201  
Email:  newhomes@kenalex.ca

  Contact Us

               

