Skip to content

      Menu 

   PHOTO GALLERY 
   SERVICES 
   CONTACT US 
   GET A QUOTE 

  

  
For over 30 years Lang Construction has built an outstanding reputation in
Northumberland County and the surrounding area. Located between Port Hope and
Cobourg Ontario we have been providing professional contracting solutions for
a wide variety of residential, commercial and agricultural projects since
1985.

We will work with your needs from procuring drawings and engineering to the
finished product. We can also work to the specifications of your architect,
engineer, and designers. We are flexible in packaging our contracting services
for your needs.

Bill Lang began Lang Construction in 1985 with one employee and a pick-up
truck. Over thirty years later our company boasts several licensed carpenters,
multiple crews, a fleet of construction equipment, and a reputation we are
proud of.

At Lang Construction, we understand that the success of our business demands
quality work and ultimate customer satisfaction. Over the years we have had
the privilege of working with over a thousand different clients. We have
endeavoured to leave each satisfied and are pleased to have had numerous
repeat customers for additional projects.

Quality work begins with quality people. Our jobsite supervisors are among the
best in the business. Their commitment to excellence is overshadowed only by a
willingness to build the customer what they want. Through daily routines their
knowledge and attitude are instilled in apprentices, helpers, and sub-trades
alike. Collectively, these people are responsible for our reputation as a
quality builder. Evident of this reputation, Lang Construction has been
registered with  Tarion New Home Warranty Corporation  since 1989 and have
never made a claim. Lang Construction is a proud member of the  Ontario
General Contractors Association  , which is the largest representative
association in the construction industry.

Bills good nature and strong sense of honesty and fairness have provided the
basis for desirable, lasting relationships with clients, employees, sub-
trades, and suppliers. This was the premise of his business in 1985 and
continues to be the motivation for how we conduct business today.

If you have a building project in your future, please give us a call or use
the form available on our Contact page.

Lang construction doesnt just build houses, we help build a sense of
community. Throughout our 30 years in business we have made it a priority to
give back to the community that has supported us. Over the years the company
has sponsored numerous sports teams, from baseball, to hockey, to lacrosse.
Lang Construction is also a business partner with  Northumberland Hills
Hospital Foundation  as well as a proud supporter of  United Way
Northumberland  .

For the last several years our founder, Bill Lang has been an active Rotarian
with the Rotary Club of Port Hope. Rotary is the largest service organisation
in the world and is dedicated to bettering their local communities as well as
those abroad who are in need of help. One of the key priorities for  Rotary
International  has been the eradication of Polio, which is now endemic to only
3 countries. Bill served as President of the Rotary Club of Port Hope for the
2014/2015 year.

