  Words we live by

  Were going to do it once  
and were going to do it right.

our growing portfolio backs that up.

Commercial/Real Estate

  5 Michael St.

Medical Sector

  Unitron

Tech Sector

  Google

Not For Profit

  FoodBank

Landscaping Project

  Backyard Project

Resource & Engineering

  GHD

Food/Entertainment Sector

  Loloan Lobby Bar

Tech Sector

  Oracle Netsuite

Tech Sector

  Desire2Learn

  Residential Project

Food/Entertainment Sector

  Charcoal Steakhouse

Automotive & Industrial

  CGT  Canadian General Tower

Financial Sector

  Cash 4 You

Manufacturing Sector

  Spaenaur

Food/Entertainment Sector

  Ethels Lounge

Medical Sector

  Conrad Medical Centre

Medical Sector

  Country Dental

Manufacturing / Agriculture Industry

  John Deere

Community Sector

  Child Witness Centre

Tech Sector

  OpenText

Since 1976, S.G. Cunningham has specialized as a leading full-service general
contractor and construction management firm.  
Our skill and reputation for innovative craftsmanship ensures  
you get the best value for your money.  
Diligent management, proactive communication, and expert scheduling sees that
your project is completed on time and within budget. Thats the S.G.
Cunningham tradition.

  S.G. Cunningham has a strong and  proactive safety culture  .  
We set high standards when it comes to protecting our  
employees health and wellness,  and all members of our team  
know their responsibilities when it comes to safety.

  On September 26, WSIB presented its 2018 Ontario Health and Safety  
Leadership Award (  for businesses with fewer than 50 employees  )  
to S.G. Cunningham. Our company received a $5,000 prize to  
reinvest in safety! We were also featured in a  video  about our efforts  
to keep everyone safe. Congratulations TEAM SGC!

  What our clients have to say...

The work was completed in four phases that allowed us to move employees in
stages, enabling business to continue as usual. This was particularly
important to us as we had hard deadlines that affected patient care and R&D
project deadlines for new product releases. SGC met each and every deadline.

Jim Nafziger  ,  Director, Systems and Supply Chain  
Unitron

Working with S.G. Cunningham has proved to be   by far   the best contractor
relationship we have had in our history. Their attention to detail, adherence
to timelines and ability to work around our business operation needs was
impressive.

Wendi Campbell  ,  Executive Director  
The Food Bank of Waterloo Region

From the moment we issued a Letter of Agreement, George was in full swing. He
was able to mobilize within days, communicated effectively and efficiently. He
and his team understood how to use their experience to move the job along. By
combining our efforts for scope retention and Georges teams appreciation of
our needs, we arrived under budget and on time. This is a level of business
trust that cannot be understated, especially in the contracting industry

Cian OSullivan  ,  
Former Principal Negotiator and Manager, Commercial Affairs  
Desire2Learn Incorporated

We wanted to let you know how much we appreciate the care and attention S.G.
Cunningham provided during our kitchen renovation.  
We knew the quality would be second to none and that we were in good hands
throughout the scope of the project. The tradespeople  were courteous and
professional at all times and we were incredibly impressed with their work
ethic and commitment to quality. This is clearly a testament to the
relationship you have established with the tradespeople who carry out the
vision for a project such as ours.

Catherine Fife  ,  Homeowner & MPP

We combine tradition with innovation, and craftsmanship with effective
management. We work with clients and consultants in a constructive,
collaborative manner to complete projects on time, within budget and to the
desired quality. We have the capacity and experience to deliver a first class
service as your General Contractor, Project Manager or Construction
Consultant. Our clients, including Google Canada, GHD, Unitron, Desire2Learn,
The Centre in the Square and Sun Life Financial expect only the best - and
we're committed to delivering!

  What sets us apart?

  Teamwork

Whether it is creating a fulfilling place for staff to work by providing
opportunities and encouraging them to reach their potential, or working
closely with our clients in a team environment, it is mutual respect among
people that is the foundation of our success.

  Integrity

We remain true to our founding values of quality, honesty and hard work. S.G.
Cunningham is a business based on trust.

  Commitment

We are proactive in finding solutions for our clients that best achieve their
goals. Lasting relationships are the lifeblood of our business. We believe we
are hired for a reason, to look after the project, and that commitment to the
client allows them to look after what they know best with the least amount of
disruption to their business.

  Select clients we have had the pleasure of working with:

Google Canada Inc.  
Gina's Spa, Hair Studio & Medi-Spa  
University of Waterloo  
Loloan Lobby Bar  
Auvik Networks  
The Food Bank of Waterloo Region  
D2L - Desire2Learn  
GHD  
St. Mary's General Hospital  
Woodstock Public Library  
Anytime Fitness  
Sun Life Financial  
Child Witness Centre  
Oracle NetSuite  
Unitron  
Idea Exchange (Cambridge Public Libraries)  
CGT - Canadian General Tower

https://sgcunningham.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/Finaloptimized.mp4

  Careers

We are always on the look-out for exceptional people.  
If you aspire to excellence and want to work with S.G. Cunningham, please send
us your resume.

  Were currently recruiting for the following position:

Senior Project Manager / Estimator  

Click here for detail

  Associations

  S.G. Cunningham Limited  
is proud to be a member of:

Send us an email!

   Instagram 
   Facebook 
   LinkedIn 
   Twitter 

35 Weber St. N., Waterloo, ON, N2J 3G5

   Phone: (519) 886-2730 
   Fax: (519) 747-5644 

© S.G. Cunningham (Kitchener) Limited 2018  
Photography by  Jeffrey Carlson  ,  Light Imaging  ,  Matthew Mannell  , &
Milo Savi

Accessibility and Privacy Statements

   Portfolio 
   About Us 
   Testimonials 
   Values 
   Community 
   Careers 
   Contact Us 

Username:

Password:

Enter

  Accessibility and Privacy Statements



Accessibility Statement:

S.G. Cunningham Limited is committed to serving all clients with excellence -
including people who have disabilities. Our business practices are free from
discrimination and support the dignity of all individuals. If you have a
disability and require special accommodation to access our services, please
let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. We welcome feedback
regarding our service to people who have disabilities. Feedback may be
provided in person, by phone or by writing to our office to the attention of
VP, HR & Communications.

Privacy Statement:

S.G. Cunningham Limited (SGC) is committed to protecting your privacy as you
use this website. We will not collect your personal information unless you
choose to provide it by sending us an inquiry or a resume in response to a job
posting. Any information received by SGC will be kept at our Waterloo Office
and held in strictest confidence. Your personal information will be used only
to respond to your inquiry. We do not provide your personal information to
other individuals, businesses or organizations for any purpose whatsoever. We
will retain this information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the
purposes for which it was provided. When finished with your information, any
physical documents containing your personal information will be shredded by a
secure shredding service. Please note that by using this website and sending
us information online, you are consenting to our Privacy Policy.

SGC does not use cookies on this site. Our company has security systems in
place to protect this website from misuse, alternation, copying, monitoring,
disclosure or unauthorized sharing of information. SGC complies with the
privacy laws of the Province of Ontario and the Government of Canada. If you
have a question about privacy on this site, please send us an inquiry through
our Contact Us page.

Close

